then for the Spanish championship here on the screen of the espn the barcelona away from home
and left the ceará team accuses
movies or the team
according to the club
highlighted by left side raised
the first goal of the messi at 5 minutes opening the score for the team of the barça
only sleep
the man of the game
stayed three seasons already opened the match
this poor person who had difficulties of the physical
What are you doing?
he was an athlete
I want to kiss Christian part
threatened to reach the equalizer
about
leaf of s
the service was proven
He did not play much in the club.
posted the missing
Sai rui Augustin
leads into the alliance with the team above him
a completely invaded neuropathic door
has no proof nearby since since he got sick by a square
but shortly after the ibrahimovic lost
Did you show tune to the breasts of the match?
bc receives the portuguese
which makes the third resumption of the case of the Saragossa
the match just entered entered the match well
the samba-plot with the second at 40 minutes of the second half
and like what I do what the team of ceará and fucile second electrizar 1
but the attentions of the barcelona behind was thought inflated defense field is the
continent's prospectus
on the lap of the fast player up close
it was not that choke
outraged at the moment
well in the match and made two goals
a space containing
the communiqué
everything was burning in the game
Emilia the opportunity
to tie to two balls
clotilde closed well and I owe a lot or a lot of changes
the total course balance
Port keeps talking the word out.
and that's what ended up doing a penalty
I'm going to make a contract
I was not communicated by the model to understand the defeat the team of santa
cross
the fire that was controlled
current 33rd place of the Spanish championship
the support of pt 4